Add split keyboard example for Bootmagic Lite (#16349)
qmk/qmk_firmware: docs/feature_bootmagic.md

## Split Keyboards

> When [handedness](feature_split_keyboard.md#setting-handedness) is predetermined via options like `SPLIT_HAND_PIN` or `EE_HANDS`, you might need to configure a different key between halves. To identify the correct key for the right halve, examine the split key matrix defined in the `<keyboard>.h` file, e.g.:

Reviewer: The singular of `halves` is `half`. :slightly_smiling_face: 

```suggestion
When [handedness](feature_split_keyboard.md#setting-handedness) is predetermined via options like `SPLIT_HAND_PIN` or `EE_HANDS`, you might need to configure a different key between halves. To identify the correct key for the right half, examine the split key matrix defined in the `<keyboard>.h` file, e.g.:
```

```c
#define LAYOUT_split_3x5_2( \
        L01, L02, L03, L04, L05,   R01, R02, R03, R04, R05, \
        L06, L07, L08, L09, L10,   R06, R07, R08, R09, R10, \
        L11, L12, L13, L14, L15,   R11, R12, R13, R14, R15, \
                       L16, L17,   R16, R17                 \
    ) \
    { \
        { L01, L02, L03, L04, L05 }, \
        { L06, L07, L08, L09, L10 }, \
        { L11, L12, L13, L14, L15 }, \
        { L16, L17, KC_NO, KC_NO, KC_NO }, \
        { R01, R02, R03, R04, R05 }, \
        { R06, R07, R08, R09, R10 }, \
        { R11, R12, R13, R14, R15 }, \
        { R16, R17, KC_NO, KC_NO, KC_NO }  \
    }
```

> If you pick the top right key for the right halve, it is `R05` on the top layout. Within the key matrix below, `R05` is located on row 4 columnn 4. To use that key as the right halve's Bootmagic Lite trigger, add these entries to your `config.h` file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you pick the top right key for the right half, it is `R05` on the top layout. Within the key matrix below, `R05` is located on row 4 columnn 4. To use that key as the right half's Bootmagic Lite trigger, add these entries to your `config.h` file:
```
